“A man and his wife were having a big argument at breakfast. He shouted at her, “You aren’t so good in bed either!” Then stormed off to work.
By mid-morning, he decided he’d better make amends and called home. “What took you so long to answer?” he asked.
“I was in bed,” she replied.
“What were you doing in bed this late?”
“Getting a second opinion.”

Unexpected sex – that’s a great way to wake up.
If you are not in a prison.

A little boy caught his mom and dad having sex. After, he asked, “What were you and daddy doing?” The mom said, “We were baking a cake.” A few days later, the little boy asked his mom, “Were you and daddy baking a cake?” She said yes, and asked him how he knew. He answered, “Because I licked the frosting off the couch.”

Whats long and hard and has cum in it?
A cucumber.

A husband and wife are trying to set up a new password for their computer. The husband puts, “Mypenis,” and the wife falls on the ground laughing because on the screen it says, “Error. Not long enough.”
“A daughter asked her mother, “Mom, how do you spell ‘scrotum’?”
Her mom replied, “Honey, you should have asked me last night, it was on the tip of my tongue.”

What did the hurricane say to the coconut palm tree?
Hold on to your nuts, this is no ordinary blow job!

Having sex is like playing bridge.
If you don’t have a good partner, you’d better have a good hand.

What do you call an anorexic bitch with a yeast infection?
A Quarter Ponder with Cheese.

Twelve monks were about to be ordained. The final test was for them to line up nude, in a garden while a nude model danced before them. Each monk had a small bell attached to his privates, and they were told that anyone whose bell rang would not be ordained because he had not reached a state of purity. The model danced before the first monk candidate, with no reaction. She proceeded down the line with the same response, until she got to the final monk. As she danced, his bell rang so loudly it fell off and clattered to the ground. Embarrassed, he bent down to pick up the bell, and all the other bells went off.

Why did the woman cross the road?
Who cares – what was she doing out of the kitchen anyway?

Why do dwarfs laugh when they play soccer?
The grass tickles their balls.

Two Men were out fishing when one decides to have a smoke He asks the other guy if he has a lighter He replies “Yes I do!” and hands the other a 10 inch long BIC lighter Surprised the guy asks “Where did you get this?” The guy replies “Oh I have a personal genie.” The first man asks “Can I make a wish? ” Sure says the other man “Just make sure that you speak clearly cause he is a little hard at hearing” “Ok I will” says the other as he rubs the lamp a genie appears and asks the man what he wants The man says ” I want a Million Bucks ” The genie says OK and goes back to his bottle and 10 seconds later a million ducks fly over head And the guy says to the other ” Your genie realy sucks at hearing doesnt he?” The other man replies “I know, do you really think I asked for a 10 inch BIC”

When do you kick a midget in the balls?
When he is standing next to your girlfriend saying her hair smells nice.

Maria went home happy, telling her mother about how she earned $20 by climbing a tree. Her mom responded, “Maria, they just wanted to see your panties!” Maria replied, “See Mom, I was smart, I took them off!”

Little Sally came home from school with a smile on her face, and told her mother, “Frankie Brown showed me his weenie today at the playground!” Before the mother could raise a concern, Sally went on to say, “It reminded me of a peanut.” Relaxing with a hidden smile, Sally’s mom asked, “Really small, was it?” Sally replied, “No, salty.” Mom fainted.

The teacher asked Jimmy, “Why is your cat at school today Jimmy?” Jimmy replied crying, “Because I heard my daddy tell my mommy, ‘I am going to eat that p*ssy once Jimmy leaves for school today!’

What’s the difference between your job and a dead prostitute?
Your job still sucks!

A girl realized that she had grown hair between her legs. She got worried and asked her mom about that hair.
Her mom calmly said, “That part where the hair has grown is called Monkey, be proud that your monkey has grown hair.” …. the girl smiled.
At dinner, she told her sister, “My monkey has grown hair.”
Her sister smiled and said, “That’s nothing, mine is already eating bananas.”

How does a woman scare a gynecologist?
By becoming a ventriloquist!

A woman places an ad in the local newspaper. “Looking for a man with three qualifications: won’t beat me up, won’t run away from me, and is great in bed.” Two days later her doorbell rings. “Hi, I’m Tim. I have no arms so I won’t beat you, and no legs so I won’t run away.” “What makes you think you are great in bed?” the woman retorts. Tim replies, “I rang the doorbell, didn’t I?”

Why can’t Jesus play hockey?
He keeps getting nailed to the boards.

Two cowboys are out on the range talking about their favorite sex position. One says, “I think I enjoy the rodeo position the best.” “I don’t think I have ever heard of that one,” says the other cowboy. “What is it?” “Well, it’s where you get your girl down on all four, and you mount her from behind. Then you reach around, cup her t*ts, and whisper in her ear, ‘boy these feel almost as nice as your sisters.’ Then you try and hold on for 30 seconds.”

How do you get a nun pregnant?
Dress her up as an alter boy.

Yesterday’s news: A blond jogging at the park was rapped.
Today’s news: Hundreds of blonds are jogging at the park!

How do you kill a circus clown?
Go for the juggler!

What’s 6 inches long, 2 inches wide and drives women wild?
A $100 bill!

“Babe is it in?” “Yea.” “Does it hurt?” “Uh huh.” “Let me put it in slowly.” “It still hurts.” “Okay, let’s try another shoe size.”

A man is dying of cancer, but keeps telling people he is dying of AIDS.
His son asked Dad why? He answered, so that when I am dead, no one will chase your mum.

Did you hear about the guy who died of a Viagra overdose??
“Yeah, they couldn’t close his casket.”

What’s the difference between a hooker and a drug dealer?
A hooker can wash her crack and sell it again.

Three guys go to a ski lodge, and there aren’t enough rooms, so they have to share a bed. In the middle of the night, the guy on the right wakes up and says, “I had this wild, vivid dream of getting a hand job!” The guy on the left wakes up, and unbelievably, he’s had the same dream, too. Then the guy in the middle wakes up and says, “That’s funny, I dreamed I was skiing!”

Why does Dr. Pepper come (cum) in a bottle?
Because his wife died!

Who was the worlds first carpenter?
Eve, because she made Adams banana stand.

Three words to ruin a man’s ego.
“Is it in?”

There was an old couple laying in bed. The man turns and tells the woman, “If you want to have sex, pull on my dick once. If you don’t want to have sex, pull on my dick one hundred times.”

What does it mean when your boyfriend is in your bed gasping for breath and calling your name?
You didn’t hold the pillow down long enough.

What do you call a cheap circumcision?
A rip off.

What’s the difference between a Catholic priest and a zit?
At least a zit waits until you’re a teenager before it cums on your face!

Mommy please make me a sandwitch…
Don’t call me “mommy” just because I slept with your father!
So how I supose to call you?
Like everybody – Steven.

Why can’t you play Uno with a Mexican?
They steal all the green cards.

A mother is in the kitchen making dinner for her family when her daughter walks in. “Mother, where do babies come from?” The mother thinks for a few seconds and says, “Well dear, Mommy and Daddy fall in love and get married. One night they go into their bedroom, they kiss and hug, and have sex.” The daughter looks puzzled so the mother continues, “That means the daddy puts his penis in the mommy’s vagina. That’s how you get a baby, honey.” The child seems to comprehend. “Oh, I see, but the other night when I came into your room you had daddy’s penis in your mouth. What do you get when you do that?” “Jewelry, my dear. Jewelry.”

Why don’t orphans play baseball?
They don’t know where home is.

How do you tell if a chick is too fat to fuck ?
When you pull her pants down her ass is still in them.

What do preists and Mcdonalds have in common?
They both stick there meat in 10 year old buns.

Girl: “Hey, what’s up?”
Boy: “If I tell you, will you sit on it?”

A trucker who has been out on the road for two months stops at a brothel outside Atlanta. He walks straight up to the Madam, drops down $500 and says, “I want your ugliest woman and a grilled cheese sandwich!” The Madam is astonished. “But sir, for that kind of money you could have one of my prettiest ladies and a three-course meal.” The trucker replies, “Listen darlin’, I’m not horny – I’m just homesick.”

What do you call 2 guys fighting over a slut?
Tug-of-whore.

I was sitting on my own in a restaurant, when I saw a beautiful woman at another table. I sent her a bottle of the most expensive wine on the menu. She sent me a note, “I will not touch a drop of this wine unless you can assure me that you have seven inches in your pocket.” I wrote back, “Give me the wine. As gorgeous as you are, I’m not cutting off three inches for anyone.”

If the world is a Jacket where do poor people live?
In the hood.

What’s slimy, cold, long and smells like pork?
Kermit the frogs finger.

Why do they call it PMS?
Because Mad Cow Disease was already taken.

Did you guys hear about the cannibal that made a bunch of businessmen into Chili?
I guess he liked seasoned professionals.

What’s a porn star’s favorite drink?
7 Up in cider.

What’s the difference between a bowling ball and a blonde?
You can only fit three fingers inside a bowling ball!

How do you circumcise a hillbilly?
Kick his sister in the jaw.

What do you call a white guy surrounded by 9 black guys?
Steve Nash.

Whats 72?
69 with three people watching

An old couple is ready to go to sleep. The old man lies on the bed but the old woman lies down on the floor. The old man asks, ”Why are you going to sleep on the floor?” The old woman says, “Because I want to feel something hard for a change.”

A redhead tells her blonde stepsister, “I slept with a Brazilian.”
The blonde replies, “Oh my God! You slut! How many is a brazilian?”

A daughter asked her mother how to spell penis.
Her mom said: “You should have asked me last night it was at the tip of my tongue”.

A little girl and boy are fighting about the differences between the sexes, and which one is better. Finally, the boy drops his pants and says, “Here’s something I have that you’ll never have!” The little girl is pretty upset by this, since it is clearly true, and runs home crying. A while later, she comes running back with a smile on her face. She drops her pants and says, “My mommy says that with one of these, I can have as many of those as I want!”

Why don’t black people go on cruises?
They already fell for that trick once.

Why was the guitar teacher arrested?
For fingering A minor.

A little boy with diarrhea tells his mom that he needs Viagra.
The mom asks, “Why on Earth do you need that?!”
The little boy says, “Isn’t that what you give daddy when his sh*t doesn’t get hard?”

What do you call a party with 100 midgets?
A little get together.

What do you call an afghan virgin?
Never bin laid on

Why does Miss Piggy douche with honey?
Because Kermit likes sweet and sour pork.

The bible teaches us to love, and Kamasutra shows how to do that.

Why did God give men penises?
So they’d have at least one way to shut a woman up.

What is the difference between an illegal immigrant and E.T.?
E.T. eventually went home!

Mickey Mouse is in the middle of a nasty divorce from Minnie Mouse. Mickey spoke to the judge about the separation. “I’m sorry Mickey, but I can’t legally separate you two on the grounds that Minnie is mentally insane,” said the judge. Mickey replied, “I didn’t say she was mentally insane, I said that she’s f*cking Goofy!”

If a firefighters business can go up in smoke, and a plumbers business can go down the drain, can a hooker get layed off?

What did the elephant say to a naked man?
Hey that’s cute but can you breath through it?

What do you call a lesbian dinosaur
A lickalotopis.

What’s the difference between being hungry and horny?
Where you put the cucumber.

What do girls and noodles have in common?
They both wiggle when you eat them.

What did One gay sperm say to another?
How do we find an egg in all of this shit?

Why can’t you hear a psychiatrist using the bathroom?
Because the ‘p’ is silent.

I asked a Chinese girl for her number.
She said, “Sex! Sex! Sex! Free sex tonight!”
I said, “Wow!”
Then her friend said, “She means 666-3629.”

What do you call two fat people talking?
A heavy discussion.

What’s the difference between roast beef and pea soup?
Anyone can roast beef.

Why did Tigger look in the toilet?
Because he was looking for Pooh.

Did you hear about the African American girl who was quiet during the movie?
She wasn’t.

What do you call a 13 year old girl from Kentucky who can run faster than her six brothers?
A virgin.

Did you hear about the celebrity murderer?
He was shooting for the stars.

What should you do if your girlfriend starts smoking?
Slow down. And possibly use a lubricant.

Did you hear about the Mexican racist?
He joined the que que que.

How do you start a parade in the ghetto?
Roll a 40 down the street.

Why do women rub their eyes when they get up in the morning?
They don’t have balls to scratch.

Whats the worst thing about dating a blonde?
If you don’t know what hole to put it in neither do they.

What kind of bees produce milk?
Boobies.

What do you call a man who cries while he masturbates?
A tearjerker.

What do you call ball’s on your chin?
A dick in your mouth!

A man and woman had been married for 30 years, and in those 30 years, they always left the lights off when having sex. He was embarrassed and scared that he couldn’t please her, so he always used a big dildo on her. All these years she had no clue. One day, she decided to reach over and flip the light switch on and saw that he was using a dildo. She said “I knew it, asshole, explain the dildo!” He said, “Explain the kids!”

What do you call a Spanish chick with no legs?
Cuntswaylow.

What’s the difference between a rabbi and a priest?
A rabbi cuts them off; A priest sucks them off.

What did the banana say to the vibrator?
Why are YOU shaking? She’s going to eat me!

What did the penis say to the vagina?
Don’t make me cum in there.

What do you call a bunch of retarded kids in a pool?
Vegetable soup.

How do you rape a camel?
One hump at a time.

What is the leading cause in death with lesbians?
Hairballs.

Mitä Hemuli tekee seinää vasten?
Nojaa.